Update: initial review survey (#223)
pyOpenSci/software-peer-review: appendices/editor-initial-response-template.md

:wave: Hi @reviewer-one and @reviewer-two! Thank you for volunteering to review
for pyOpenSci! <Add any additional banter here that you wish..>

> ### Please fill out our pre-review survey
> Before you get going on this review, please fill out our [pre-review survey](https://forms.gle/F9mou7S3jhe8DMJ16). This helps us improve all aspects of our review and better understand our community. No personal data will be shared from this survey - it will only be used in an aggregated format by our Executive Director to improve our processes and programs. 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Please fill out our pre-review survey
Before beginning your review, please fill out our [pre-review survey](https://forms.gle/F9mou7S3jhe8DMJ16). This helps us improve all aspects of our review and better understand our community. No personal data will be shared from this survey - it will only be used in an aggregated format by our Executive Director to improve our processes and programs. 
- [ ] reviewer 1 survey completed. 
- [ ] reviewer 2 survey completed. 
- [ ] reviewers 3 (if applicable)

```

:wave: Hi @reviewer-one and @reviewer-two! Thank you for volunteering to review
for pyOpenSci! <Add any additional banter here that you wish..>

### Please fill out our pre-review survey
Before beginning your review, please fill out our [pre-review survey](https://forms.gle/F9mou7S3jhe8DMJ16). This helps us improve all aspects of our review and better understand our community. No personal data will be shared from this survey - it will only be used in an aggregated format by our Executive Director to improve our processes and programs. 
- [ ] reviewer 1 survey completed. 
- [ ] reviewer 2 survey completed. 

> - [ ] reviewers 3 (if applicable)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] reviewer 3 (if applicable)
```
